Update community resources for migration guides (#11376)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-jekyll.mdx

## Community Resources

<CardGrid>

>   <LinkCard title="Back to the Future: Our Tech Blog's Transition from Jekyll to Astro" href="https://alasco.tech/2023/09/06/migrating-to-astro"/>
>   <LinkCard title="From Jekyll to Astro" href="https://jackcarey.co.uk/posts/astro-rewrite/"/>
>   <LinkCard title="Goodbye Jekyll, Hello Astro" href="https://kiranrao.in/blog/bye-jekyll-hello-astro/" />

Reviewer: I moved the first link at the bottom for a better balance:
```suggestion
  <LinkCard title="From Jekyll to Astro" href="https://jackcarey.co.uk/posts/astro-rewrite/"/>
  <LinkCard title="Goodbye Jekyll, Hello Astro" href="https://kiranrao.in/blog/bye-jekyll-hello-astro/" />
  <LinkCard title="Back to the Future: Our Tech Blog's Transition from Jekyll to Astro" href="https://alasco.tech/2023/09/06/migrating-to-astro"/>
```

</CardGrid>

:::note[Have a resource to share?]

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Jekyll site to Astro, edit this page and add it here!

Author: ```suggestion
If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Jekyll site to Astro, [add it to this list](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-jekyll.mdx)!
```
